and so guys hello everyone
literally today I had a man with
pretty unusual problem but to
Sorry I could not shoot
it is this problem and the process itself
problem solving and therefore as a person
let's say so late for work arrived
he is far away but secondly for a very long time I
got busy with this problem
exhausting problem let's say it was well
Well, perhaps I'll start at the very beginning
human alpha zs 50f
Well, that is the usual alpha and he
This part broke, that is
rotor with magnets
I do n't know if his magnets are broken or
they just soared out of here
go let's say so with such sections
the man went to the market took his
magnet went to the market to buy a new
for a long time he could not find him and one of
sellers
let's say so vtyuhal here is such a magnet
magnet and seemingly identical let's not say
so it fits
here is such a generator
getting up here truth as seen on risks
little by little it hurts
generator but the motor as it is not wedges all
ok comes man sets
magnet in place well and conducts start
moped and moped will not start
although gasoline is compression there is a spark
there are short and everything is well that there is nothing
there is a moped does not start me there
Ignition coil wire switches
overall nothing helped but what did he
reported that I had a spark before
so let's say reddish and powerful houses
and after installing such a magnet
she became some so small
and blue but okay but what
she is very weak this principle is bad
in general, began to deal with this
I called a problem with a multimeter
high voltage coil all right
somewhere was 375 he hike also
rang the hall sensor to Chekhov too
okay mass we have it all right
further I also replaced the switches set
different 2 and 3 different switch left
left the ignition coil another even
already from the generator its wires directly
Switch to give all of that does not
it helped well, stupidly 0 even set
your generator might suddenly think that there
also did not help and even on my
the generator is still the same Istra was and
in short
I stood in a dead end could not move even
from the spot what is it then I thought that
may act as a hall sensor somehow
wrong is relative to the key well
i.e. shifted google ignition like
it turned out no protrusion stand right under
key here and here already visited
such places that this moped I do not
I can and people will again hire beads
and again pay for shipping by our
saved roads but then took it up
such an idea occurred to me
what could such a thing happen because of
of the fact that this here let's say the ledge
under the hall sensor
no matter how much it hits the hall sensor
Well, that is, maybe the hall sensor is higher
they just won’t get the signal
It was decided to slightly bend the sensor
Hall to here it's lip Well
the spark improved but only slightly
Well, sort of
it seems that it has improved and then
it became clear that something was wrong with that
in this case or with a protrusion or by yourself
hall sensor and pay attention
on which
height let's say the tabs under the sensor
the hall is right here
above and it turned u over so the sensor
the hall
this is its metal part
passed as if by and after installation
of normal
stator moped immediately half a turn
wound up and worked as a watch
Well, guys, that's all you wanted
to tell
be careful when buying this
sort of parts
take care of your technique for now